Multiple inheritance allows us to create a derived class from two different base classes.
In this example, we have a class car and a class boat.
Now imagine that we want to create a class amphibious car.
This is like one of those duck cars that you might have seen that can drive on
the street and then drive into the water and float on the water.
So what we might do is we might create a new class,
AmphibiousCar, and that class will inherit from public boat and from public car.
Imagine we actually don't have that class do anything.
It's just a class that inherits from both car and boat.
One way we might test this is we might declare an object of type car and
an object of type boat and an object of type AmphibiousCar and we might call that doc.
Then we're going to assert that duck.Drive is equal to
car.Drive because both duck and car have access to this method drive.
It's a method within the car class but because AmphibiousCar inherits from class car,
users of amphibious car are able to
call the drive method on the object of the amphibious car class.
The same thing with cruise.
We would say duck.Cruise is equal to boat.Cruise.
That will call the method cruise that is in the boat class.
Now, if we compile and run this class,
we see that it works.
Our AmphibiousCar object which we've named duck is able to both
drive and cruise just like the car and the boat.